GHC-1629 (#123)
haskell/error-messages: message-index/messages/GHC-1629/index.md

---
title: Too many type arguments in constructor pattern

> summary: You have applied to many types to a constructor in a pattern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
summary: You have applied too many types to a constructor in a pattern.
```

> summary: You have applied to many types to a constructor in a pattern.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
summary: Too many type applications to a constructor in a pattern.
```

Move to a passive tone to match the rest of the examples and be more specific that these are type applications.

severity: error
introduced: 9.6.1
---

Every type application has to be "consumed" by a type variable in the

> corresponding type.  It is an error to apply more types than there are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
corresponding type.  Just as it is an error to pass more than one argument to `putStrLn`,  it is also an error to apply more types than there are
```

> type variables in a type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
type variables in a type. For instance, if a type has only 1 type parameter (e.g. `Maybe a`), we can only apply 1 type argument (e.g. applying `@Int` to produce `Maybe Int`); there is no unbound type parameter present for further applications.
```
